Client		: New York Life Insurance
Team/Cluster    : Fixed Income Investers Group (FIIG)
Team Size	: 5
Technologies    : ASP.net MVC/Asp.net web forms, Silverlight, Click once, JQuery/JavaScript,
                  C#.net, Angular JS, Angular 4, Crystal Reports, WCF RESTFUL, WebAPIs, Entity Framework,
                  Telerik Rad Controls and Kendo UI, AJAX, JQuery, Java Script and SQL Server  
Tools           : JIRA,Service Now,D-series
Organization 	: Trianz
Role		: Technical Lead
Duration	: Nov 2018 to till date


New York Life (NYL) is a leading provider for managing the fixed income ,real estate assets for NYL  and other strategic partners. 
In which Fixed Income Investors provides a broad array of investment advisory services to New York Life’s General Account and strategic,
third-party partners, such as other insurance companies’ general and separate accounts, institutional clients, investment companies, 
and other pooled investment vehicles.FIIG Team fulfill the client requirement by supporting  more than 20 applications devoloped with legacy Technologies like
silverlight,click Once. to latest angular versions. 

Major Projects:
Adhoc Reporting :This is a lite weight silverlight reporting application that pulls IDW data required for securtiy operations users to generate reports
It also have scheduler option to schedule and generate the report on Adhoc cycles  via email or dropping the reports in shared paths.
Technologies Involved:
SAP GUI:SAP GUI Interface is a General Ledger entry system which helps in preparing monthly report related to financial position of the company.
This monthly reports are based on the data that is being send from different lines of business. There are interfaces with each interface processing the files,
reconciling and posting them to SAP. 
CPPD:Corporate Private Placement Database (CPPD) is used by Business users to enter security information.Security Operations team verifies this data before entering them 
into trading systems such as Aladdin or Geneva for transactions.System allows private placement analyst to capture prospective deals and track them to closure
This application has roles that are managed under Entitlements and provisioned through MyAccess.




Roles & Responsibilities: 

·	Requirement analysis and documentation, interaction with the client.
·	Gathering the specification from client and understanding the business.
·	Providing the L0, L1 and L2 estimates.
·	Preparation of technical design document for the requirements.
·	Responsible to guide team to meet the time lines.
.	Creating Unit test cases and share it to the testing team to review the same.
·	Sql server2008 was used for Back-end.
        ·Back-end design and queries development.
.	Worked as a team member, actively involved in development and M&E activities.
.	Enhancing Application based on Client Requirements.
.	Bug Fixing.
.	Performed Team Code reviews.